ARROW-4200: [C++/Python] Enable conda_env_python.yml to work on Windows, simplify python/development.rst (#3353)
apache/arrow: docs/source/python/development.rst

        --file arrow/ci/conda_env_python.yml \
        python=3.6

   conda activate pyarrow-dev

> For Windows, see the section later on this page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Windows, see the `Developing on Windows`_ section below.
```

.. code-block:: shell

    conda create -y -n pyarrow-dev -c conda-forge ^
        --file arrow\ci\conda_env_cpp.yml ^
        --file arrow\ci\conda_env_python.yml ^
        python=3.7

>    activate pyarrow-dev

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   conda activate pyarrow-dev
```
